hi I'm Owen Wright and I'm a violinist
in Los Angeles and I'm here to tell you
about the - sealeo electric violin this
is a great instrument for practicing at
a reduced volume or performing with
others in an amplified setting the
violin features a solid maple body
evany fingerboard pegs and chin rest and
an ebony tail piece with mother-of-pearl
inlay and for integrated fine tuners the
pickup sits right under the bridge for
optimal sound the electronics pack has
volume and tone adjustments line out an
auxiliary input that allows you to plug
in an mp3 player and play along with
your favorite songs and a headphone out
jack plus the batteries are included
it comes with a deluxe case with
zippered pocket and backpack straps a
brazilwood bow with genuine unbleached
horsehair with mother-of-pearl inlay the
otário Prelude strings a pair of
headphones and eights two quarter inch
cable and rosin and it sounds like this
cecelio string instruments our
instructor approved and designed with
the student instrumentalists in mind the
violins are double-checked before being
shipped to ensure you get the very best
product possible test Elio electric
violins are available in full size and
come in four body styles with five great
colors to choose from thanks and we'll
see you soon